add a template for pull request (#19)
ESMValGroup/tutorial: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Pull Request checklist

Thanks for contributing!
Please keep in mind that lesson maintainers are volunteers and it may be some time before they can respond to your contribution. Although not all contributions can be incorporated into the lesson materials, we appreciate your time and effort to improve the curriculum.
* * *

## Tasks

- [ ] Read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/tutorial/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] Create an [issue](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/tutorial/issues) to discuss what you are going to do.
- [ ] Give this pull request a descriptive title.

> - [ ] If you are contributing to the lesson materials, make sure the content does not have spelling or grammar errors.

Reviewer: Can we recommend a spellcheck app for markdown?

Reviewer 2: Yeah that sounds like a good plan for tutorials in any case!

Author: @ledm Thanks. I could install Grammarly in VS Code. It is not very good as it should be. Shall suggest this?

Author: please see my [comment](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/tutorial/pull/19#issuecomment-601694273) .

> - [ ] Please use `markdownlint` to check that your files do not contain errors.

Reviewer: Can you give the explicit command here? 
Also, do we need to add `markdownlint` to the conda environment.yml?

Author: @ledm please see my [comment](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/tutorial/pull/19#issuecomment-601694273) . Fo second question, yes, please.

Reviewer 3: I would recommend using a markdown linter that is supported by an online service that can be integrated with the repository. Since we use Codacy for ESMValCore and ESMValTool as well, that would be a familiar option, it supports [remark-lint](https://www.google.com/search?q=remarklint).

Author: @bouweandela thanks. I applied your suggestion here based on the same task in ESMValTool PR template.

# Pull Request checklist

Thanks for contributing!
Please keep in mind that lesson maintainers are volunteers and it may be some time before they can respond to your contribution. Although not all contributions can be incorporated into the lesson materials, we appreciate your time and effort to improve the curriculum.
* * *

**Tasks**

-   [ ] Read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/tutorial/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
-   [ ] Create an [issue](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/tutorial/issues) to discuss what you are going to do.
-   [ ] Give this pull request a descriptive title.
-   [ ] If you are contributing to the lesson materials, make sure the content does not have spelling or grammar errors.

> -   [ ] Please use `markdownlinter` to check that your files do not contain errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   [ ] Please use `markdownlint` to check that your files do not contain errors.
```

-   [ ] Preview changes on your own machine before pushing them to GitHub by running `make docker-serve`.

> New episode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## New episode
```

# Pull Request checklist

Thanks for contributing!

> Please keep in mind that lesson maintainers are volunteers and it may be some time before they can respond to your contribution. Although not all contributions can be incorporated into the lesson materials, we appreciate your time and effort to improve the curriculum.

Reviewer 3: I would rephrase this a bit, e.g. propose that people submit an issue first to discuss their idea before implementing it. That way you avoid disappointment and are sure that all contributions can actually be incorporated.

Author: @bouweandela thanks. I added a section "before you start" in the checklist.

* * *

## Tasks

- [ ] Read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/tutorial/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] Create an [issue](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/tutorial/issues) to discuss what you are going to do.
- [ ] Give this pull request a descriptive title.

> - [ ] If you are contributing to the lesson materials, make sure the content does not have spelling or grammar errors. See `Lesson development` in [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/tutorial/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If you are contributing to the lesson materials, please make sure the content conforms to the `Lesson development` section in [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/tutorial/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and does not contain any spelling or grammatical errors. 
```

> - [ ] Please use a `markdown lint tool` to check that your markdown files do not contain errors, bugs, or stylistic errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Please use a `markdownlint` tool to check that your markdown files do not contain errors, bugs, or stylistic errors.
```

Reviewer 2: I would use either "`markdownlint` tool" or just "markdown lint tool" without monospace font

> - [ ] Please use a `markdown lint tool` to check that your files do not contain errors. See `Lesson development` in[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/tutorial/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: We already suggest checking the contributing.md elsewhere, don't need it twice. 

```suggestion
- [ ] Please use a `markdown lint tool` to check that your markdown files do not contain errors, bugs, or stylistic errors.
```

> - [ ] Preferably Codacy code quality checks pass. However, a few remaining hard to solve Codacy issues are still acceptable. Status can be seen below your pull request. If there is an error, click the link to find out why. If you suspect Codacy may be wrong, please ask by commenting.

Reviewer 3: This seems a bit confusing, as this repository does not contain code? Or does it?

Author: @bouweandela My apologies. I corrected this item. The codacy checks contain a markdown linter.

> - [ ] Preview changes on your own machine before pushing them to GitHub by running `make serve`, alternatively `make docker-serve`. See `Lesson development` in[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/tutorial/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Preview changes on your own machine before pushing them to GitHub by running `make serve`, alternatively `make docker-serve`. Please see the `Previewing your changes locally` section in[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/tutorial/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for installation instructions.
```

> - [ ] All code instructions have been tested.

Reviewer: Do we want to make sure that these have been tested by the author and the reviewer?
```suggestion
- [ ] All code instructions have been tested by the PR author.
- [ ] All code instructions have been tested by the reviewer.
```

Author: @ledm Thanks. I think that by default both reviewers and authors should check all the items provided in this template. So, we don't need to mention `reviewer` or `author` for this specific item.
